To:
Susan Stabe, Esq.(trademarks@troutman.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97874480 - K18 BIOMIMETIC 
HAIRSCIENCE DAMAGE SHIELD - 261680.
Sent:
August 06, 2023 11:44:19 AM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
screencapture-www-merriam-webster-com-dictionary-shield-16913339320411
screencapture-www-ahdictionary-com-word-search-html-16913339668911
screencapture-www-merriam-webster-com-dictionary-damage-16913340057701
screencapture-www-ahdictionary-com-word-search-html-16913340502501
97428379
screencapture-www-merriam-webster-com-dictionary-biomimetic-16911592580351
screencapture-www-dictionary-com-browse-biomimetic-16911593075791
screencapture-www-news-medical-net-health-The-Science-Behind-Healthy-Hair-aspx-
16911594544871
screencapture-www-dyson-com-campaigns-hair-science-16911595978801
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
U.S. Application Serial No. 97874480
Mark:  K18 BIOMIMETIC HAIRSCIENCE DAMAGE SHIELD
Correspondence Address:  
SUSAN STABE, ESQ. 
600 PEACHTREE STREET, NE, SUITE 3000 
ATLANTA GA 30308  
UNITED STATES
Applicant:  K18, Inc.
Reference/Docket No. 261680.
Correspondence Email Address:  trademarks@troutman.com
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
Response deadline.  File a response to this nonfinal Office action within three months of the “Issue 
date” below to avoid abandonment of the application. Review the Office action and respond using one 
of the links to the appropriate electronic forms in the “How to respond” section below.
Request an extension.  For a fee, applicant may request one three-month extension of the responsedeadline prior to filing a response. The request must be filed within three months of the “Issue date” 
below. If the extension request is granted, the USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter 
within six months of the “Issue date” to avoid abandonment of the application.
Issue date:  August 6, 2023
Introduction
 
The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney. Applicant 
must respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below. 15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(a), 
2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.
 
Summary of Issues 
 
Advisory Regarding Potential Section 2(d) Refusal - Prior-Filed Application 
Advisory Regarding Claiming Ownership of a Potentially Conflicting Application 
Identification of Goods – Amendment Required 
Multiple Class Application Requirements for a Section 1(b) Application 
Disclaimer of Descriptive Wording Required
 
Advisory Regarding Potential Section 2(d) Refusal - Prior-Filed Application 
 
The trademark examining attorney has searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marks 
and has found no conflicting registered marks that would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 
2(d). 15 U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02. However, a mark in a prior-filed pending application may 
present a bar to registration of applicant’s mark.
 
The filing date of pending U.S. Application Serial No. 97428379 precedes applicant’s filing date.  See 
attached referenced application.  If the mark in the referenced application registers, applicant’s mark 
may be refused registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d) because of a likelihood of confusion 
between the two marks.  See 15 U.S.C. §1052(d); 37 C.F.R. §2.83; TMEP §§1208 et seq.  Therefore, 
upon receipt of applicant’s response to this Office action, action on this application may be suspended 
pending final disposition of the earlier-filed referenced application.
 
In response to this Office action, applicant may present arguments in support of registration by 
addressing the issue of the potential conflict between applicant’s mark and the mark in the referenced 
application.  Applicant’s election not to submit arguments at this time in no way limits applicant’s right 
to address this issue later if a refusal under Section 2(d) issues.
 
While applicant is not required to respond to the issue of the pending application, applicant must 
respond to the requirement(s) below within the six month deadline mentioned above to avoid 
abandonment.
 
Advisory Regarding Claiming Ownership of a Potentially Conflicting Application
 
If the mark(s) in the potentially conflicting prior-filed application(s) has been assigned to applicant, 
applicant may provide evidence of ownership of the mark(s) to avoid a possible refusal under 
Trademark Act Section 2(d) based on a likelihood of confusion. See 15 U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP 
§812.01.Applicant may provide evidence of ownership of the mark(s) by satisfying one of the following:
 
(1)        Record the assignment with the USPTO’s Assignment Recordation Branch 
(ownership 
transfer 
documents 
such 
as 
assignments 
can 
be 
filed 
online 
at http://etas.uspto.gov) and promptly notify the trademark examining attorney that the 
assignment has been duly recorded;
 
(2)        Submit copies of documents evidencing the chain of title; or
 
(3)        Submit the following statement, verified with an affidavit or signed 
declaration under 37 C.F.R. §2.20: “Applicant is the owner of Application Serial 
No(s). 97428379.” To provide this statement using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS), use the “Response to Office Action” form; answer “yes” to wizard 
questions #3 and #9; then, continuing on to the next portion of the form, in the “Additional 
Statement(s)” section, check the box for “Miscellaneous Statement” and write in the free 
form text field for the “Miscellaneous Statement” that  “Applicant is the owner of 
Application Serial No(s). 97428379,” inserting the relevant application serial number(s); 
and follow the instructions within the form for signing.  The form must be signed twice; a 
signature is required both in the “Declaration Signature” section and in the “Response 
Signature” section.
 
TMEP §812.01; see 15 U.S.C. §1060; 37 C.F.R. §§2.193(e)(1), 3.25, 3.73(a)-(b); TMEP §502.02(a).
 
Recording a document with the Assignment Recordation Branch does not constitute a response to an 
Office action. TMEP §503.01(d).
 
Identification of Goods – Amendment Required 
 
The wording “hair mist; hair foam; hair nourishes; hair serums; hair relaxers; hair shine enhancer 
preparations; hair repair mist; hair repair foams; hair repair nourishes; hair repair serums; hair repair 
relaxers” in the identification of goods is indefinite and must be clarified because the specific type of 
the goods listed must be specified. See 37 C.F.R. §2.32(a)(6); TMEP §1402.01.  
 
Furthermore, the wording “chelating hair care preparations” in the identification of goods is indefinite 
and must be clarified because it is not clear if applicant is providing hair care goods for use in the 
process of "chelating" hair, or if applicant is providing chemical agents for use in the Chelating process 
generally. See 37 C.F.R. §2.32(a)(6); TMEP §1402.01.  
 
Lastly, applicant must correct the punctuation in the identification to clarify the individual items in the 
list of goods and/or services. See 37 C.F.R. §2.32(a)(6); TMEP §1402.01(a). Proper punctuation in 
identifications is necessary to delineate explicitly each product or service within a list and to avoid 
ambiguity. Commas, semicolons, and apostrophes are the only punctuation that should be used in an 
identification of goods and/or services. TMEP §1402.01(a). An applicant should not use colons, 
periods, exclamation points, and question marks in an identification. Id. In addition, applicants should 
not use symbols in the identification such as asterisks (*), at symbols (@), or carets. Id.
 
In general, commas should be used in an identification (1) to separate a series of related items 
identified within a particular category of goods or services, (2) before and after “namely,” and (3)between each item in a list of goods or services following “namely” (e.g., personal care products, 
namely, body lotion, bar soap, shampoo). Id. Semicolons generally should be used to separate a series 
of distinct categories of goods or services within an international class (e.g., personal care products, 
namely, body lotion; deodorizers for pets; glass cleaners). Id.
 
Thus, applicant should replace the comma after "hair shine enhancer preparations" and "hair bleaching 
preparations" with a semicolon to clearly indicate the beginning of a new distinct category of hair 
goods.
 
Applicant may substitute the following wording, if accurate (changes in bold; deletions indicated 
by strikethrough): 
 
International Class 01: chemical agents for use as hair care preparation ingredients, namely, as 
ingredients for shampoos, conditioners, rinses, masks, oils, tonics, scrubbing powder for hair, 
lotions, creams and de-mineralizing sprays for chelating and sequestering; the aforementioned 
chemical agents to contain peptides 
International Class 03: Hair care preparations, namely, hair shampoos, hair conditioners, dry hair 
shampoos, hair detanglers, hair sprays, hair mist in the nature of hair highlighting spray, hair 
mousse, hair gels, hair styling foams, hair creams, hair lotions, hair wax, hair oils, hair moisturizers, 
hair pomades, hair rinses, hair cosmetic nourishing creams, non-medicated hair serums, hair relaxers
 in the nature of hair straightening preparations, hair shine enhancer preparations in the nature of 
hair sheen spray; hair color preparations, namely, hair color, hair dyes, hair tints, hair frosts, hair 
lighteners, hair lightening bleach, hair color removers, hair coloring rinse, hair bleaching 
preparations; and hair repair preparations, namely, hair repair sprays, hair repair mist in the nature of 
hair highlighting spray, hair repair mousse, hair repair gels, hair repair styling foams, hair repair 
creams, hair repair lotions, hair repair wax, hair repair oil, hair repair moisturizers, hair repair pomades, 
hair repair rinses, hair repair cosmetic nourishing creams, non-medicated hair repair serums, and hair 
repair relaxers in the nature of hair straightening preparations; Chelating hair care preparations, 
namely, shampoos, conditioners, rinses, masks, oils, tonics, scrubbing powder for hair, lotions, 
creams and de-mineralizing sprays for use in chelating hair treatments
 
Applicant may amend the identification to clarify or limit the goods and/or services, but not to broaden 
or expand the goods and/or services beyond those in the original application or as acceptably 
amended. See 37 C.F.R. §2.71(a); TMEP §1402.06. Generally, any deleted goods and/or services may 
not later be reinserted. See TMEP §1402.07(e). 
 
For assistance with identifying and classifying goods and services in trademark applications, please see 
the 
USPTO’s 
online 
searchable U.S. 
Acceptable 
Identification 
of 
Goods 
and 
Services 
Manual. See TMEP §1402.04. 
 
Multiple Class Application Requirements for a Section 1(b) Application 
 
The application identifies goods and/or services in more than one international class; therefore, 
applicant must satisfy all the requirements below for each international class based on Trademark Act 
Section 1(b):
 
(1)        List the goods and/or services by their international class number in 
consecutive numerical order, starting with the lowest numbered class.(2)        Submit a filing fee for each international class not covered by the fee(s) already 
paid (view the USPTO’s current fee schedule). The application identifies goods and/or 
services that are classified in at least 2 classes; however, applicant submitted a fee(s) 
sufficient for only 1 class(es). Applicant must either submit the filing fees for the classes 
not covered by the submitted fees or restrict the application to the number of classes 
covered by the fees already paid.
 
See 37 C.F.R. §2.86(a); TMEP §§1403.01, 1403.02(c).
 
For an overview of the requirements for a Section 1(b) multiple-class application and how to satisfy the 
requirements online using the Trademark Electronic Application System (TEAS) form, see 
the Multiple-class Application webpage.
 
Disclaimer of Descriptive Wording Required 
 
Applicant must disclaim the wording “BIOMIMETIC HAIR SCIENCE DAMAGE SHIELD” because 
it is merely descriptive of an ingredient, quality, characteristic, function, feature, purpose, or use of 
applicant’s goods and/or services.  See 15 U.S.C. §§1052(e)(1), 1056(a); DuoProSS Meditech Corp. v. 
Inviro Med. Devices, Ltd., 695 F.3d 1247, 1251, 103 USPQ2d 1753, 1755 (Fed. Cir. 2012); TMEP 
§§1213, 1213.03(a). 
 
The attached evidence from Dictionary.com and the Merriam-Webster Dictionary shows that 
BIOMIMETIC means something that imitates a natural process. See the attached dictionary definitions.
 Therefore, this wording describes a feature of applicant's products that are the subject of its retail and 
online retail services, i.e., that the hair care goods mimic natural processes. Moreover, the wording 
HAIR SCIENCE is commonly used in the hair care industry to describe the science of studying hair 
and hair-related products to promote hair growth, describing the fact that applicant's retail and 
management services are in the field of hair science. See the attached Internet evidence from News 
Medical Life Sciences and Dyson. Lastly, the attached evidence from the American Heritage 
Dictionary and the Merriam-Webster, shows that the wording DAMAGE means to case harm or loss in 
value, and SHIELD means to protect something from harm. See the attached dictionary definitions. 
Therefore, this wording merely describes the purpose of applicant's goods, to "shied" hair from 
"damage. 
 
Applicant may respond to this issue by submitting a disclaimer in the following format: 
 
No claim is made to the exclusive right to use “BIOMIMETIC HAIR SCIENCE DAMAGE 
SHIELD” apart from the mark as shown. 
 
For an overview of disclaimers and instructions on how to provide one using the Trademark Electronic 
Application System (TEAS), see the Disclaimer webpage. 
 
Response guidelines. For this application to proceed, applicant must explicitly address each refusal 
and/or requirement in this Office action. For a refusal, applicant may provide written arguments and 
evidence against the refusal, and may have other response options if specified above. For a 
requirement, applicant should set forth the changes or statements. Please see “Responding to Office 
Actions” and the informational video “Response to Office Action” for more information and tips on 
responding.Please call or email the assigned trademark examining attorney with questions about this Office action. 
Although an examining attorney cannot provide legal advice, the examining attorney can provide 
additional explanation about the refusal(s) and/or requirement(s) in this Office action. See TMEP 
§§705.02, 709.06.
 
The USPTO does not accept emails as responses to Office actions; however, emails can be used for 
informal communications and are included in the application record. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(c), 2.191; 
TMEP §§304.01-.02, 709.04-.05.
 
How to respond.  File a response form to this nonfinal Office action or file a request form for an 
extension of time to file a response.  
 
/Bria Stephens/
Bria Stephens
Examining Attorney 
LO122--LAW OFFICE 122
(571) 270-3501
Bria.Stephens@uspto.gov
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the deadline for responding to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  A 
response or extension request must be received by the USPTO before 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time 
of the last day of the response deadline.  Trademark Electronic Application System (TEAS) 
system availability could affect an applicant’s ability to timely respond.  For help resolving 
technical issues with TEAS, email TEAS@uspto.gov.
•
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•Print: Sun Aug 06 2023
97428379
(4) STANDARD CHARACTER MARK
Mark Punctuated
K18
Translation
Goods/Services
IC 024. US 042 050.G & S: Towels; hair towels; bath towels; hand towels; face towels; hair towels in the 
nature of turbans for drying hair; bath mitts; bath sheets; throws designed to be wrapped around a person; 
lap robes; moisture absorbent microfiber towels
•
IC 025. US 022 039.G & S: Bathing caps; Headbands; Hoods; Scarves; Shower caps; Skull caps; Sleep 
masks; Turbans; Robes; Bath robes; Slippers; Undergarments; T-shirts; Gloves; Gloves for personal hand 
conditioning use; Dresses that may also be used as towels; Nightgowns; Pajama bottoms; Pajamas; 
Slipper socks; Slipper soles; Socks and stockings; Underwear; Waistbands; Bath slippers; Japanese style 
socks (tabi covers); Knitted underwear; Long underwear; Non-slip socks; Sleep pants; Sleep shirts; 
Stretch pants; Yoga pants; Loungewear; Wearable blankets in the nature of blankets with sleeves; 
Sleepwear; Nightwear
•
Mark Drawing Code
(4) STANDARD CHARACTER MARK
Design Code
Serial Number
97428379
Filing Date
20220525
Current Filing Basis
1B
Original Filing Basis
1B
Publication for Opposition Date
20230418
Registration Number
Date Registered
Owner
(APPLICANT) Aquis Hairsciences Inc. CORPORATION CALIFORNIA 621 Sansome St. San Francisco 
CALIFORNIA 94111
Priority Date
Disclaimer StatementDescription of Mark
Type of Mark
TRADEMARK
Register
PRINCIPAL
Live Dead Indicator
LIVE
Attorney of Record
Susan Stabe, Esq.United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 6, 2023 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97874480
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action to avoid your application abandoning.  Follow 
the steps below.  
(1)  Read the Office action.  This email is NOT the Office action.  
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  Your response, or extension request, must be received by the USPTO on or 
before 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time of the last day of the response deadline.  Otherwise, your 
application will be abandoned.  See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.  
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).  
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.  
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.  
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.  
•
Beware of trademark-related scams.  Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you.  Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you.  We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone.  Verify the correspondence originated from us by using your 
serial number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the “Documents” 
tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center.  
•
Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney.  If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
•have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process.  The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.